Add Docker Instructions (#2219)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/installation-procedure.md

Before launching extern controllers, you should set the `WEBOTS_HOME` environment variable to point to `/snap/webots/current/usr/share/webots` and add `$WEBOTS_HOME/lib` to your `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` environment variable, so that your controllers will find the necessary shared libraries.
The chapter entitled [running extern robot controllers](running-extern-robot-controllers.md) details how to run extern controllers, including with the snap version of Webots.

#### Installing the Docker Image

A [Docker](https://www.docker.com) image of Webots based on Ubuntu 18.04 is available on [dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/cyberbotics/webots).

> This image can be used to use Webots in your continous-integration (CI) workflow without requiring any graphical user interface or to get a clean and sandboxed environment with Webots pre-installed including GPU accelerated graphical user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image can be used to run Webots in your continuous integration (CI) workflow without requiring any graphical user interface or to get a clean and sandboxed environment with Webots pre-installed including GPU accelerated graphical user interface.
```

> This image can be used to use Webots in your continous-integration (CI) workflow without requiring any graphical user interface or to get a clean and sandboxed environment with Webots pre-installed including GPU accelerated graphical user interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This image can be used to use Webots in your continuous-integration (CI) workflow without requiring any graphical user interface or to get a clean and sandboxed environment with Webots pre-installed including GPU accelerated graphical user interface.
```

##### Install Docker

Follow the [Docker installation instructions](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/#server) to install docker.

##### Run Webots in Docker without GUI

The docker image comes with a X virtual framebuffer (Xvfb) already installed and configured so that you can run Webots in headless mode.

To pull the image and start a docker container with it use the following command:
```
docker run -it cyberbotics/webots:latest /bin/bash
```

> **Note**: If you need a specific version of Webots and not the latest one, replace `latest` with the version you need (e.g. `R2020b-rev1`).

After starting the docker container you can start Webots headlessly using xvfb:
```
xvfb-run webots --stdout --stderr --batch --mode=realtime /path/to/your/world/file
```

> > **Note**: Since Webots runs in headless mode, the `--stdout` and `--stderr` arguments are used to redirect these streams from the Webots console to the console in which Webots was started, the `--batch` argument is there to make sure not blocking pop-up window is displayed and the `--mode=realtime` is used to make sure the simulation is not started in pause mode you might replace `realtime` by `fast`), finally don't forget to specify which simulation you want to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Since Webots runs in headless mode, the `--stdout` and `--stderr` arguments are used to redirect these streams from the Webots console to the console in which Webots was started, the `--batch` argument disables any blocking pop-up window and the `--mode=realtime` makes sure that the simulation is not started in pause mode (you may replace `realtime` by `fast`), finally don't forget to specify which simulation you want to run.
```

> > **Note**: Since Webots runs in headless mode, the `--stdout` and `--stderr` arguments are used to redirect these streams from the Webots console to the console in which Webots was started, the `--batch` argument is there to make sure not blocking pop-up window is displayed and the `--mode=realtime` is used to make sure the simulation is not started in pause mode you might replace `realtime` by `fast`), finally don't forget to specify which simulation you want to run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Since Webots runs in headless mode, the `--stdout` and `--stderr` arguments are used to redirect these streams from the Webots console to the console in which Webots was started, the `--batch` argument is there to make sure no blocking pop-up window is displayed and the `--mode=realtime` is used to make sure the simulation is not started in pause mode (you might replace `realtime` by `fast`), finally don't forget to specify which simulation you want to run.
```

##### Run Webots in Docker with GPU Acceleration

GPU acceleration is required to run Webots with graphical user interface.

> To run GPU accelerated docker containers, the `nvidia-docker2` package need to be installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run GPU accelerated docker containers, the `nvidia-docker2` package needs to be installed.
```

Please follow the [official instructions](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/install-guide.html) to install it.

> > **Note**: GPU accelerated docker containers will work only with recent NVIDIA drivers and Docker version (see the complete list of requirements [here](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/install-guide.html#pre-requisites).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note**: GPU accelerated docker containers will work only with recent NVIDIA drivers and Docker version (see the complete list of requirements [here](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/install-guide.html#pre-requisites)).
```

> Once this package is installed, you need to enable connection to server X before starting the docker container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once this package is installed, you need to enable connections to the X server before starting the docker container:
```

```
xhost +local:root > /dev/null 2>&1
```

> > **Note**: If you need to disable connection to server X you can do it with the following command: `xhost -local:root > /dev/null 2>&1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: If you need to disable connection to the X server, you can do it with the following command: `xhost -local:root > /dev/null 2>&1`.
```

To pull the image and start a docker container with it use the following command:
```
docker run -it cyberbotics/webots:latest /bin/bash
```

> **Note**: If you need a specific version of Webots and not the latest one, replace `latest` with the version you need (e.g. `R2020b-rev1`).

After starting the docker container you can start Webots headlessly using xvfb:
```
xvfb-run webots --stdout --stderr --batch --mode=realtime /path/to/your/world/file
```

> **Note**: Since Webots runs in headless mode, the `--stdout` and `--stderr` arguments are used to redirect these streams from the Webots console to the console in which Webots was started, the `--batch` argument disables any blocking pop-up window and the `--mode=realtime` makes sure that the simulation is not started in pause mode (you may replace `realtime` by `fast`), finally don't forget to specify which simulation you want to run.

##### Run Webots in Docker with GUI 

###### Without GPU Acceleration

To run Webots with a graphical user interface in a docker container, you need to enable connections to the X server before starting the docker container:
```
xhost +local:root > /dev/null 2>&1
```

> > **Note**: If you need to disable connection to the X server, you can do it with the following command: `xhost -local:root > /dev/null 2>&1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: If you need to disable connections to the X server, you can do it with the following command: `xhost -local:root > /dev/null 2>&1`.
```
